c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\bin\Debug\LoginPage.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\bin\Debug\LoginPage.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\bin\Debug\LoginPage.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\LoginPage_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\LoginPage_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\LoginPage.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\LoginPage.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\LoginPage.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\LoginPage.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\View\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\View\Register.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\View\Update.g.cs
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\View\Home.baml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\View\Register.baml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\View\Update.baml
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\LoginPage.Migrations.addingmodelmasteruser.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginPage\LoginPage\obj\Debug\LoginPage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
